sys::mman: adding few madvise flags. (#2559)
nix-rust/nix: changelog/2559.added.md

> Add `sys::mman::MmapAdvise` `MADV_PAGEOUT`, `MADV_COLD`, `MADV_WIPEONFORK`, `MADV_KEEPONFORK` for Linux target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `sys::mman::MmapAdvise` `MADV_PAGEOUT`, `MADV_COLD`, `MADV_WIPEONFORK`, `MADV_KEEPONFORK` for Linux and Android targets
```

Reviewer: Let me commit this and merge the PR
